---
layout:   post
title:    Currency
category: Random_Thoughts
date:     2020-10-20
comments: false
---

A valid currency is a stuff that everybody agrees its value.
The current currencies are assured by the goverments.
However, there would be no chance for the people who live in the country to choose do not trust their goverment in terms of using the currency.
Here, the whole socity will have to pray for the better morality of the goverment.

No one should be able to take advantage of being able to print the money.
The currency is just the number, there is no real need to increase the total amount of the currency, instead the number corresponding to the real value can be sacled natually.
If the currency is digital, it would no cost to adjust the `e` notation in sentific notation, e.g. `0.001 = 1e-3`.

The most important thing of currency is safety.
However, to estabilish a virtual currency system without relying on morality, we cannot believe that there would be a system cannot be hacked.
So, to avoid illegial modify the currency system, the system has to be distributed.
Because it would very difficult to hack all distributed versions in the world, so that if some of them are hacked, the majority will still be able to correct the whole thing.

So, why do people will be happy to store the records for this currency system?
There must be reward.
The reward can be the commission of every transaction which happens on the record they have a distributed version.
Not like Bitcon, there will be no miner.
The system will try to balance the distribution of all records in all the storage in the world.
The total commission can be adjusted to be similar with running the current currency system by adjust the ratio of commission.

There should be a central backup of the distributed system stored in a very safe place which could be the Antarctic Pole or other stars, in case the unexpectable catastrophe.
The record in central backup will always agree the majority of the distributed versions.
When the catastrophe is passed, the central system will automatically distribute the records to the storage in the world.
